audit: update readme (#185)
Zilliqa/staking-contract: contracts/README.md

| Name        | Type       | Initial Value                           | Description                                        |
| ----------- | --------------------|--------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `ssnlist`   | `Map ByStr20 Ssn` | `Emp ByStr20 Ssn` | Mapping between SSN addresses and the corresponding `Ssn` information. |

> | `comm_for_ssn`   | `Map ByStr20 (Map Uint32 Uint128)` | `Emp ByStr20 (Map Uint32 Uint128)` | `Map (SSNAddress -> Map (RewardCycleNum -> Commission))` This Map is not used for computing commission fee for a ssn_operator. Its purpose is act as a placeholder to prevent ssn_operators from changing its commission rate multiple times within one reward cycle. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `comm_for_ssn`   | `Map ByStr20 (Map Uint32 Uint128)` | `Emp ByStr20 (Map Uint32 Uint128)` | `Map (SSNAddress -> Map (RewardCycleNum -> Commission))` This Map is not used for computing commission fee for an SSN. Its purpose is to act as a placeholder to prevent SSN operators from changing their commission rate multiple times within one reward cycle. |
```
